Hello everyone. Now that we've finished The Greengrass demo.
Now, we want to show you just kind of a quick walkthrough generally how to get it set up.
So if you go here and let's go to just services.
We can go to Internet Of Things and AWS Greengrass.
Now here, we are at Greengrass.
Now, the first thing they want you to do is to find a group and then add
a Greengrass Core and then add devices to that.
So in order to make a group, you just go to a group,
create a group and use easy creation,
we're not doing anything too fancy here,
and just NewGroup and
just keep pressing next use all the default settings that they have.
So it sets up all that.
Now, here is the all the keys
and the permission files for your Greengrass Cores so you just want to
download this and you also want to download these.
Now, you won't be unpacking and installing it but
this is just all the files that you'll need for it.
So just finish up.
And now, you have a new group but now,
you also want to add a core and you have that core there.
So in the previous part you download the core files,
all information files for that and then now let's go
to devices and let's add a new device to group.
And we'll let's just use easy creation and we'll use
the same group name.
There we go. So we didn't have to specify new name we could just go back.
It just took a bit to load to get the actual core and then now
we have a core group here and the core here.
So now, we want the devices and we want a device such as for the dragon board,
so just to add your first device,
create a new device, name it,
it's called dragonboard and then press next, took further to load,
use defaults, download all the keys that you need,
you are going to need these on the dragonboard itself and then finish.
So now you have a new device you just have to attach it by
going through some subscriptions and setting up some services here.
But we'll be going through that in-depth through some instructions.
The next part, we just want to go through some of the code that we
used to demonstrate how this works.
So we'll be jumping to this.
So the two main files that we all care about
are the publisher file and the subscription file.
Now, both these files are based off of one of
the HelloWorld programs that AWS have provided,
and we just modified a bit to do one specific thing.
So here's a bunch of libraries that they want
to order for all of us to run, segments here,
just some Python, libraries,
and then here is the IoT SDK libraries.
And then, here's how we access all those permissions files,
so if you go here,
and let me go to downloads, testing,
you'll note that we have a bunch of these files ending in.pem and.key.
So you have to specify where they are through this, through these variables here.
We also specify our endpoint so we have that initial connection to AWS
but here we have our root file, certificate,
privatekey, and then the name of the node itself or another node device,
thing name and then what topic we want to publish or subscribe to.
So this case helloworld/pubsub
and then just some configurations that they want for logging,
and here it's just a lot of set up for the core,
Greengrass Core and here is try and connect to the core at AWS and is how many tries.
So we had to try like 10 times before it quits and says it wasn't able to connect,
as too messages that they have there.
So here is connected to false and check for
connectivity and if it's not connected so you can't connect.
And here's actually where it publishes,
we have while true just continue,
keep doing it and instead of our message here,
with our message and how many messages in we are at
and converting that into JSON and publishing it on that topic.
So that's just a simple way how to publish.
It's very similar to how you publish on the normal AWS IoT SDK.
So next up, let's go to a sub.
It's going to be all the similar files.
So this is exactly the same as top part.
It does have this extra part here for
a custom on message which means when you get a message, what do you do?
So in this case we have it just simply writing to the LED
telling it to turn on and then turn off,
just a blink to show that we have message.
And here again is how many times that you've to try and here's
all the certificates that we had to connect to and
the topics and everything just need to have it working.
This is us using LED MRAA to control the LED and again,
these is our repeated set from before.
And here, we haven't figured it connected,
and then here we actually have the subscribing to it,
subscribing to the topic and it would just do that thing that we set up before.
That's pretty much all the code. It's pretty simple,
you can just adapt this to use other data if you want, maybe images,
setting it as image as a string or
other more interesting data such as humidity or temperature,
just anything you need.
So yeah, it's just a quick walkthrough of it.
It's better to understand it when you download the code and run it
for yourself and just kind of play around with it,
see what you can do and what you can't do.
Stay tuned for the San Horack video for this lesson,
and have a good day.